Same concept as in C++. Dynamic arrays which grow as elements increase. There are two ways of created a vector
```
let v: Vec<i32> = Vec::new();
```
Here we let the compiler know that we need an empty vector which holds 32-bit integers. We can also use the `vec!` macro if we have some initial data to populate the vector with.

```
let v = vec![1,2,3];
```
Here, the type is automatically inferred. To add elements to the vector, we can use the `push` method. However, the vector needs to be mutable for this
```
let mut v = Vec::new();
v.push(5);
v.push(6);
v.push(7);
v.push(8);
```

There are two ways of reading the value from a vector. First is to use an array dereference `[]` and other is to use the get method.
```
let v = vec![1,2,3,4,5];
let third: &i32 = &v[2];
println!("The third element is {}",third);
let third: Option<&i32> = v.get(2);
match third {
    Some(third) => println!("The third element is {}",third);
    None => println!("There is no third element");
}
```

The second method is equivalent to the javascript's (v?.[3]) method. We get an Option object in return, which can either contain the value or None.

When the program has a valid reference, ownership and borrowing rules apply. Since we cannot have mutable and immutable references in the same scope, the following code generates an error.
```
let mut v = vec![1, 2, 3, 4, 5];
let first = &v[0];
v.push(6);
println!("The first element is: {first}");
```

Since pushing an element may require reallocation of memory, borrowing an immutable reference to the first element and using it after a mutable reference to the array is borrowed (in `v.push`), the compiler throws an error.

### Iterating over values
we can use a `for in` loop to iterate over the vectors.
```
let v = vec![100, 32, 57];
for i in &v {
    println!("{i}");
}
```
We can also iterate over mutable references to each element to perform operations on them by borrowing a mutable reference to the vector.

```
let mut v = vec![1,2,3,4,5];
for i in &mut v {
    *i += 50;
}
```

To change the value that the mutable reference refers to, we need to use the dereference operator `*` to get the value that `i` refers to. If we tried to insert or remove values, we would get an error, again because of the borrowing rules.

We can use arrays of enums to store values of multiple types. When a vector is dropped, all of its elements are also dropped. `pop` method removes the last element.