To create a new HashMap, we can do

```
use std::collections::HashMap;
let mut scores = HashMap::new();

scores.insert(String::from("Student 1"),10);
scores.insert(String::from("Student 2"),20);
```

To access a value from a HashMap, we can provide its key

```
let student = String::from("Student 1");
let score = scores.get(&student).copied().unwrap_or(0);
```

The `get` method returns an `Option<&V>`; if there is no value in HashMap, `get` will return `None`. The above code handles the `Option` by calling `.copied()` which returns `Option<i32>` rather than `Option<&i32>`. If there is no value against a given key in the HashMap, `get` will return `None`.

The `unwrap_or(0)` returns `0` if there is no entry in the HashMap. We can iterate over the key, value pairs in HashMap as follows

```
for (key,value) in &scores {
    println!("{key}: {value}")
}
```

Important to note that iterating over the HashMap is in arbitrary order.

### HashMap and Ownership
Values that implement the `copy` trait, like `i32`, get copied into the HashMap. For owned values like `String`, the values will be moved and the HashMap will be the owner of the value.
If we insert references to the values in HashMap, they will not be owned by the HashMap, however, they must be valid for as long as the HashMap is valid.

### Updating a HashMap
```
scores.insert(String::from("Student 1"),10);

scores.insert(String::from("Student 1"),20);
```

Student 1 will have the score of 20 after this. If we want to insert the values only if they do not already exist, we can use the `entry` method

```
scores.entry(String::from("Student 1"),50);
```

The or_insert method on Entry is defined to return a mutable reference to the value for the corresponding Entry key if that key exists, and if not, inserts the parameter as the new value for this key and returns a mutable reference to the new value. This technique is much cleaner than writing the logic ourselves and, in addition, plays more nicely with the borrow checker.

### Updating a value based on an old value

Lets say we want to count the occurances of each word in a String, we can use `or_insert` to build or update the HashMap

```
let text = "hello world wonderful world";
let mut map = HashMap::new();

for word in text.split_whitespace() {
    let count = map.entry(word).or_insert(0)
    *count += 1
}
```

Since or_insert method returns a mutable reference, we can easily update the count here.

### Hashing Function
The default hashing function is sip hash, which is not the fastest, but is resillient to denial of service attacks. To use a different hashing function, we can use the BuildHasher trait (discussed in chapter 10). Many hashing functions are available on crates.io.

