Most errors are recoverable and we do not necessarily want to halt the program if they appear. Sometimes, when a function fails, it might be because of a reason that we can easily interpret and respond to. For example, if we want to write to a file but the file does not exist. In this case, we can create the file before writing to it.

The `File::open` method from `std::fs` returns a `Result` enum (discussed in Chapter 2). In this case, we can use it as follows
```
use std::fs::File;
use std::io::ErrorKind;

fn main() {
    let greeting_file_result = File.open("greeting.txt");
    let greeting_file = match greeting_file_result {
        Ok(file) => file;
        Err(error) => match error.kind() {
            ErrorKind::NotFound => match File.create("greeting.txt") {
                Ok(fc) => fc;
                Err(e) => panic!("Problem creating file {:?}",e);
            },
            other_error => {
                panic!("Probem opening the file {:?}",other_error);
            }
        },
    };
}
```

This is however, a lot of nested match statements. Chapter 13 discusses closures, which are used with many of the methods defined on `Result<T,E>`. These methods are more concise than using `match`. For instance, the above code can be rewritten with `unwrap_or_else` as follows

```
use std::fs::File;
use std::io::ErrorKind;

fn main () {
    let greeting_file = File.open("greeting.txt").unwrap_or_else(|error| {
        if error.kind() == ErrorKind::NotFound {
            File::create("greeting.txt).unwrap_or_else(|error| {
                panic!("Problem creating file: {:?}",error);
            })
        } else {
            panic!("Problem opening the file: {:?}",error);
        }
    })
}
```
This code has the same behavior as the previous one without using match and is cleaner to read.

### Shortcut to panic on error: unwrap and expect

The `unwrap` method on `Result<T,E>` is a shortcut method that works just like the match we wrote. If the result is the `Ok` variant, it returns the value inside `Ok`. If it is an error variant, it calls `panic!` for us.

Similarly, the `expect` method allows us to choose the error message on panic. In production quality code, `expect` is usually preferred over `unwrap`. Expect gives more context as to why the code is always expected to succeed.

### Propagating Errors
Since there is no try/catch block in Rust, throwing the error back to the caller function is also not directly supported. Instead, we return a result object that contains the error back to the caller which can then decide what to do. This is called _propagating_ the error and gives the caller code more control, as it might contain the logic that dictates how to proceed.

Lets start by doing this manually, before looking into the shortcuts
```
use std::fs::File;
use std::io::{self,Read};

fn read_username_from_file() -> Result<String, io::Error> {
    let username_file_result = File::open("hello.txt");
    let username_file = match username_file_result {
        Ok(file) => file,
        Err(e) => return Err(e);
    }
    let mut username = String::new();
    match username_file.read_to_string(&mut username) {
        Ok(_) => Ok(username),
        Err(e) => Err(e)
    }
}
```

Notice that the last match block does not require an explicit return statement. If this function succeeds, the calling code will receive an `Ok` value that contains the username. If the function does not succeed, the calling code will receive an `Err` value that contains `io::Error`. The first match block gives us the file if it successfully opens or returns an `Err` value to the calling code.

### The `?` Operator
Rust provides a `?` operator to make this kind of pattern matching a lot easier. The following code has the same functionality that we just discussed, but is a lot shorter.

```
use std::fs::File;
use std::io::{self,Read};

fn read_username_from_file() -> Result<String,io::Error> {
    let mut username_file = File::open("hello.txt");
    let mut username = String::new();

    username_file.read_to_string(&mut username)?;
    Ok(username)
}

```

Here, if the return value of `read_to_string` is an `Ok`, we get the value back in Ok in the last statement. If its an `Err` value, the function returns immediately. The `?` operator automatically converts the error into the appropriate type defined by our function. We could make this function even shorter as follows

```
use std::fs::File;
use std::io::{self,Read};

fn read_username_from_file() -> Result<String,io::Error> {
    let mut username = String::new();

    File::open("hello.txt")?.read_to_string(mut &username);
    
    Ok(username)
}
```

This can be made even shorter by directly calling `read_to_string` from `fs`.

```
use std::fs;
use std::io;

fn read_username_from_file() -> Result<String,io::Error> {
    fs::read_to_string("hello.txt")
}

```

### Where the `?` operator can be used
Since `?` is a shortcut for early return on Error, it cannot be used in the main function. It can only be used in functions who's return type is compatible with the value `?` is used on. The `?` operator is only valid in functions which return `Result`, `Option` or another type that implements `FromResidual`.

Since option can return `None`, the following code is valid

```
fn last_character_of_first_line(text: &str) -> Option<char> {
    text.lines().next()?.chars().last();
}
```

### Using the `?` operator in main

We can use the `?` operator in main but we'd have to define a specific return type for main

```
use std::error::Error;
use std::fs::File;

fn main() -> Result<(),Box<dyn Error>> {
    let greeting_file = File::open("hello.txt")?;

    Ok(())
}
```

The `Box<dyn Error>` is a trait object, discussed in detail in Chapter 17. For now, it can be read to mean "any kind of error". In this case, the executable will return with a value `0` if main returns `Ok(())` and exit with non zero value if the program exits with an error. This is a C convention that Rust follows.

The main function can return with any type that implements the `std::process::Termination` trait.