The code should panic when it can end up in a bad state. Bad state here means that some guarantee, contract, assumption or invariant has been broken. These include invalid values, contradictory values, or missing values passed to the code, as well as one or more of the following
- The bad state is something that is unexpected, as opposed to something that will likely happen occasionally, like a user entering data in the wrong format.
- The code after this point relies on not being in a bad state, rather than checking for the problem at every step.
- There is no good way of encoding this information in the types that we use. More on that in Chapter 17.

If someone calls our code and passes values that dont make sense, it is best to return an error in `Result` so that the user of the library can decide what to do in that case. However, in cases where proceeding can be harmful, it is best to panic. Similarly, panic is often appropriate when calling an external code that is out of our control and it returns an invalid state.

When failure is expected, it is more appropriate to return an error. For example, a malformed data passed to a parser or rate limit exceeding in an HTTP request.

When the code performs an operation which can put a user at risk if called with invalid values, we should first validate the values and panic if they validation fails.

Functions often have **contracts**, i.e. their behaviour is only guaranteed if the inputs meet particular requirements. The code should panic if the contract is violated. 

### Creating custom types for validation
In the [number guessing game in Chapter 2](../Chapter2%20-%20Guessing%20Game/projects/allowing_multiple_guesses_through_loops/src/main.rs), we used an unsigned int (`u32`), however, the game logic would be valid if the user enters a negative number. So it would make more sense to use `i32` here. In the code, we never checked for the number to be in the range (1 to 100), so we can add a check for that. Right now, if we run that code and enter a negative number, it goes to the error variant of the match statement, where we simply continue, without giving any feedback to the user. We can improve the code by adding an explicit check for that as done in [number guessing game in this chapter](./projects/number_guessing_game_negatives/src/main.rs)

However, this solution would not be ideal if the program had many functions and we had to check that the number is between 1 and 100 in all of those functions which is tedious and may impact performance. Instead, we can create a new type and put the validations in its constructor. This way, it is safe for functions to receive this new type and confidentally use the value. This concept is demonstrated in [number guessing game with struct](./projects/number_guessing_game_with_struct/src/main.rs).