### Crates
A crate is the smallest amount of code that the Rust compiler considers at a time. Even if we pass a single source code file to `rustc` (like in [Chapter 1](../Chapter1%20-%20Introduction/projects/hello_world/)). Crates can contain modules, which may be defined in other files that get compiled with the crate.

There are two types of crates
- **Binary Crates** which can be compiled into an executable. For example a command line program or a server. These crates must contain a `main.rs` file with a `main` function.
- **Library Crates** which do not have a `main` function and do no compile to an executable. Instead they define functionality that can be shared between multiple projects. `rand` crate is an example of a library crate. In most cases, when people use the term `crate`, they are referring to library crates, and they use `crate` interchangably with the general programming concept of a library.

### Package
A package is a bundle of crates that provides a set of functionality. A `package` can contain multiple binary crates but at most one library crate. A `package` must contain at least one `crate`, whether its a binary crate or a library crate.

When we run `cargo new my-project`, the generated project contains an `src/main.rs`, which means it only contains a binary crate named `my-project`.  If a package contains `src/main.rs` and `src/lib.rs`, it has two crates: a binary and a library, both with the same name as the package. 

A package can have multiple binary crates by placing files in the `src/bin` directory: each file will be a separate binary crate.
