This section provides a quick reference of how modules, path, `use` keyword and `pub` keyword works in the compiler and how most developers organize their code. These are discussed in detail later on.

- **Start From Crate Root:** When compiling a crate, compiler first looks into crate root (_src/lib.rs_ or _src/main.rs_).
- **Declaring Modules:** We can use the keyword `mod` to declare modules in the crate root file. For example, if we declare `mod garden;`, the compiler will look for module's code in these places
    - In line (replace `;` with curly braces).
    - In the file _src/garden.rs_ or the file _src/garden/mod.rs_
- **Declaring Submodules:** In files other than the crate root file, we can declare submodules. For example, we might declare `mod vegetables;` in _src/garden.rs_, then the compiler will look for the submodule's code in these places
    - In line (replace `;` with curly braces).
    - In the file _src/garden/vegetables.rs_ or the file _src/garden/vegetables/mod.rs_
- **Paths to code in module:** A module can be referred to from anywhere else within the crate, as long as privacy rules allow. For example, an `Carrot` type (`struct`) defined in garden vegetables module would be found at `crate::garden::vegetables::Carrot`.
- **Private vs Public:** A code within a module is private from its parent by default. To make the module public, we declare it with `pub mod`, rahter than `mod`. To make items within a public module public as well, use `pub` before their declarations.
- **The `use` Keyword:** Within a scope, the `use` keyword creates shortcuts to items to reduce repitition of long paths. In any scope that can refer to `crate::garden::vegetables::Carrot`, we can create a shortcut with `use crate::garden::vegetables::Carrot;` and from then on we only need to write `Carrot` to make use of that type in the scope.

This is demonstrated in the `backyard` module in _./projects_. In _main.rs_, `pub mod garden;` tells the compiler to include the code it finds in _/src/garden.rs_. `pub mod vegetables` in in _/src/garden.rs_ tells the compiler to include code in _/src/garden/vegetables.rs_.

In main, `use crate::garden::vegetables::Carrot;` tells the compiler to bring `Carrot` into scope.
