**Modules** 
- let us organize the code within a crate for readability and reuse. 
- allow us to control the privacy of items as the code within a module is private by default.

In the restaurant industry, some parts of a restaurant are referred to as front of house and others as back of house. Front of house is where customers are; this encompasses where the hosts seat customers, servers take orders and payment, and bartenders make drinks. Back of house is where the chefs and cooks work in the kitchen, dishwashers clean up, and managers do administrative work.

To structure an example project this way, we create a library crate using `cargo new restaurant --lib`.

We define modules using `mod` keyword followed by name of the module. In `restaurant` project, we define module `front_of_house` which contains two sub modules `hosting` and serving. Each of these modules then contain various functions.

_src/main.rs_ and _src/lib.rs_ are called crate roots because the contents of either of these two files form a module named `crate` at the root of the crate's module structure, called _module tree_. The module tree for the `restaurant` project is as follows

```
crate
 └── front_of_house
     ├── hosting
     │   ├── add_to_waitlist
     │   └── seat_at_table
     └── serving
         ├── take_order
         ├── serve_order
         └── take_payment
```

Modules defined within the same module are siblings to each other, like `hosting` and `serving`. These modules are child modules of `front_of_house` and `front_of_house` is the parent of `hosting` and `serving`. The entire module tree is rooted under the implicit module named `crate`.

The module structure is similar to filesystem's directory tree. Just like a directory tree, modules are used to organize code.