Having to write out full paths (whether absolute or relative) can be inconvenient. Fortunately, the `use` keyword solves that problem.

In [restaurant](./projects/restaurant/src/lib.rs), we can bring `crate::front_of_house::hosting` into scope so we only have to write `hosting::add_to_waitlist` to use the `add_to_waitlist` function in `eat_at_restaurant`.

It is important to note that `use` is only valid in the scope that it appears in. If we move `eat_at_restaurant` function to another module say `customer`, we would not be able to call `hosting::add_to_waitlist`. We would have to move the use statement into `customer` module as well.

```
mod front_of_house {
    pub mod hosting {
        pub fn add_to_waitlist() {}
    }
}

use crate::front_of_house::hosting; // generates an error

mod customer {
    // use crate::front_of_house::hosting; // commenting the above one and uncommenting this one removes the error
    pub fn eat_at_restaurant() {
        hosting::add_to_waitlist();
    }
}
```

We can also bring a particular function into scope as follows
```
use crate::front_of_house::hosting::add_to_waitlist;

pub fn eat_at_restaurant() {
    add_to_waitlist();
}

```

This way, we can use the function without `hosting::`. However, any other functions defined in hosting will not be in scope. Also, specifying the parent module when calling the function makes it clear that the function isn’t locally defined while still minimizing repetition of the full path. 

The idiomatic way of bringing functions into scope is to bring the function's parent module into the scope. On the other hand, the idiomatic way of bringing `structs`, `enums` and other items into scope is to use the full path. For example, to use HashMap, we can do

```
use std::collections::HashMap;
fn main() {
    let mut map = HashMap::new();
    map.insert(1, 2);
}
```

This is just a convention which has been adopted widely. The exception to this idiom is if we are bringing two items with the same name into scope as Rust does not allow that. For example,

```
use std::fmt;
use std::io;

fn function1() -> fmt::Result {
    // --snip--
}

fn function2() -> io::Result<()> {
    // --snip--
}
```

Here, using the parent module distinguishes the two result types.
We can also re-export Names with `pub use`. In the restaurant example, we can do

```
pub use crate::front_of_house::hosting;

pub fn eat_at_restaurant() {
    hosting::add_to_waitlist();
}
```

Now, external code can bring `hosting::add_to_waitlist` into scope through `restaurant::hosting::add_to_waitlist()` rather than `restaurant::front_of_house::hosting::add_to_waitlist()`.

This is useful when the internal structure of the code is different from from how programmers calling your code would think about the domain.

